Round 1:
Q. Java 8 features
Q. completable future
Q:  SOLID
Q: cached thread pool vs fixed thread pool
Q:  functional interface, can it have default and static method, can you override default method
Q:  java 8  map vs flatmap
Q:  java memory structure (heap structure)
Q:  types of garage collection
Q:  ForkJoinPool - how it works
Q:  What is Work stealing algorithm in java
Q:  Advantage and drawback of microservices
Q:  What is try-with-resources?
Q:  What is Saga pattern in microservices.
1. what is java8 metaspace and how is it increased.
2.  how to find the size of young generation in java (--XX:newRatio)
3. what is blocking queue
4. what is try-with-resources
5. what is work-steal algorithms
6. what is saga pattern
7. difference between exception handler and global advice
seralization vs externalization
kafka seciryt
parllel stream vs stream
how dispatch servlet works
how to create a custom annoation in spring
how to configure multiple datasource in spring
web server vs applcation server
how to do ranking with java 8 stream api


Round 2:
1. Self intro and project intro
2. HashMap vs TreeMap, benefit of treemap
   A: TreeMap key is sorted, it is a binary search tree strucutre, so left smaller than root, and root smaller than right node
   but hashmap key is not sorted at all. it is random order. So if you want to find if a key exists in the map, tree map will be faster
   because it is O(logn) while hashmap you have to loop the entries, so it is O(n)
    2.1)what is hash collision
    A: two keys share the same hashcode, they will be in one same bucket.
    2.2)what happens on hash collision
    A: if you put a new entry with same key already exists in map, the value will be replaced, because map does not allow duplicate keys
    but if two keys are different, they just have same hashcode, then both will be saved into the same bucket
3. What is synchronized block?
   A: synchroznied block is add synchronzied keyword on a block of code, when a thread is accessing this block, one particular object will be locked
   it is faster than synchronized method, because synchornized method will lock the entire object that whole object
4. What id deadlock and how to prevent it
   A: 1) deadlock is two threads waiting for each other,
   For example, if you need to transfer money from one account another. When thread A transfer from account 1 to account 2,
   it will lock account 1 first to get money and then go to account 2 to deposit.. but in the meantime, thread B is transfer
   money from account 2 to account 1, so it will lock account 2 first and then try to deposit to account 1. So thread A will
   wait thread B to release lock on account 2 while thread B is waiting for thread A to release lock on account 1. so they are
   just waiting for each other. that is deadlock
   2) To prevent deadlock, first we can define atomic level resources, like we make the account atomicReference variable,
   to make sure the operation is atmoic level so it will be threadSafe. Another way is we need to first check all the resources
   that are needed to finish the transaction, we can either remove dependencies on each other, or we can lock them all.
4. Java Memeory structure,
    how to find heap size (young, old, permanent)
5. Garbege collection, how it works in java 8
6. What do you look for in the new project
7. linear and non-linera java collections

Round 3:
1. Advantage and disadvantage of microservices
2. ...